I'd like to think that I'm doing several things to support minority students.
Um, one of the things that I think is really important for for
my minority students is Thio know that they can approach me and they
can ask me questions and that I'm a resource for them. Um, many
of our students are first generation college students, so they're the
first ones in their families to attend college. And they may not therefore
have people at home advising them. You know how to interact
with professors, for instance, and you know what's appropriate and
what's not. And I think that they do tend toe air on the side of being
super respectful to the point where they won't seek help. Um, or
they feel uncomfortable sending me an email and saying like, I don't
understand this. Can I meet with you on DSO? One of the things that
I really try hard to dio is to emphasize multiple times throughout
the semester with the students in my classes that if you have a question,
if you're struggling, please come and see me. I would much rather
that you come and see me with, you know, a question that maybe you
know isn't appropriate. Rather than not ask the question. Um, so
that's one of the things that I really try. Toe Try to dio, uh, to support
my students, who are particularly first time college students.
But in our demographics, those particular students tend overwhelmingly
to be minority students s. So I think that that's one way that
I'm. I work to help minority students. Another way is thio be involved
in mentorship programs. I'm involved in one maximizing access to
reach research careers that specifically targets, uh, minorities in
in various fields on dso. I've been participating in that program for
a number of years and have mentored students through that program.
And also the McNerney near scholars is another program that I've worked
with closely. Eso. So those air a couple of the ways that I've
tried, um, Tiu really support specifically minority students